how about if our good for now you know
what the difference is between Adolf
Hitler and Al Capone it was dead almost
like a king in Florida he has full-blown
dementia I have reason to believe I
could all be an elaborate Act what's
this about we have information that your
client may have tucked away a very large
sum of money can drop that
[Music]
guys like you on this place ten million
dollars
if you ever get into talking
we go rampage
we made a promise someday we was gonna
make it big
the only thing that really matters is
how imagine spam do you know a love
story told always
I'm not crazy you are actually touched
up to know your limitations you'll like
me
so do you love me but maybe that's
because you're crazed you'll kill him
again maybe you are mad
[Music]
what a Frieda you're free then then what
wait wait again
[Music]
again
game
[Music]
you are a very lucky girl
Miranda Wells will you marry me not many
men would be willing to take on somebody
with your baggage I mean three kids a
mountain of death looking for Miranda
Wells she's at work right now
you believe with me I'm her son I'm
afraid this comes with a little bit of
an explanation
hurricane warnings your weather guy says
it's gonna miss us but you never be too
careful no matter how bad things are
they can always get worse mom I'm
expecting a call from the bank Ray
Johnson
Miranda Wells there goes my deductible
don't waste your insurance on this why
is he doing here bumper
he's offered to come over to fix it
you're letting him follow us home
you code out you're looking for her and
she runs into you it's pretty weird
is it your thoughts attract things with
a force that you cannot see but is
definitely real
okay this is me making about pizza don't
look at me have to be careful Yeah right
because we get what we expect and open
to the possibility that whatever happens
oh my god even the bad stuff can lead to
better things I can't afford a new roof
let me help
why are you helping me because I can
how do you know Miranda I don't really
why are you fixing a roof I just don't
want you to blow this she doesn't love
him not like dad all your dad ever
wanted was for you to be happy how would
you know that what are you doing right
now taking in this gorgeous sunset I
don't understand what's happening here I
think you and I collided for a reason
what's it say I've been dreamin one fun
what happened to the bumper karma or
maybe it's just a lousy driver it's a
better day coming
well we're with the prodigal son
returned they're probably talking about
cotton families Cass is regular chatter
on an off day especially now that he's
home what a dunce he's your brother
only by blood where his father I have
absolutely no idea
last I heard is beer - Cougars who the
trip fitzy shoots for the times now you
know well I like to think the paper
works for me I'm still freelance
speaking of which I understand your pops
this thing that are selling out cotton
he'll take the paper to his grave
you are an old Connor and the future
publisher of that times it's been really
tough lately oh yes of course how could
it not be what for the youngest heir
will to do publishing dynasty it's
harder than it sounds the times it is an
institution and it always will be
Lilly children might love I'm selling
the Carolina time you would really
abandon it so easily I assure you there
was nothing
about
[Music]
what are you still doing here
there's nothing left but a pack of
wolves and you but your wolf
I'm a Shiva once clothing gentlemen
desperate times desperate measures the
head of the Belgian government selected
you the mission subjected to
transporting a cargo of raw materials of
crucial importance at the end why are
you going to find it proved it's up to
this we selected a group of loyal
well-trained
and welcome to Africa what's this a
German camp he's going to train this is
a highly complex machine you man had
better brace yourself you've got three
weeks to learn it we've got to pilot
this ourselves those of you who aren't
very good in geography we are right here
and our destination America
take us down
[Music]
god help us which was it
are you sure it's an impossible shot
let's get this book back
a top-secret raccoon operated laser
satellite with nuclear capabilities a
team of domestic terrorists hell-bent on
revenge and undetectable moving
headquarters held hostage
welcome aboard the Holiday Express or as
I like to call it Raccoon Railways
there's only one problem forward the
name sounds familiar the Virgin from
Raccoon Creek Campground is back the
raccoons and their smart ones hold on
and how do you know that story of my
life
this Christmas you can roast some
chestnuts I never want to see another
raccoon again you can leave cookies out
for Santa Oh
[Music]
go raccoons this is just the beginning
killer raccoons too dark Christmas in
the dark
looks like I've bitten off more than I
can chew chew she was well-educated she
had a mind of her own and she painted
like nobody else in order to tell the
history of abstraction now you have to
rewrite it because basically all the
people said it happened in this year
well no it didn't
let's leave we ultimately Taft is afoul
of he had for Kandinsky abstract might
furnish onopen it happens easier for the
shoppin Hema of Clint Alistair Suzuka
and an actor should only consider
bringing tea that's a food as monkeys
are not as Mozilla Baggins Dawson
artistry is immense so the fiber is men
if you compare her to the suppose a
genius men there steps towards
abstraction were very timid like very
slow entre so and cleansing
that's persevere on their own devilish
cut 15 it was a new way of painting it
was new form of art is can I use kind of
Earth from the demoness fertilize my
friends she walked away at the same time
if she made the way that's not answer to
be a pioneer when I close the door I
start to paint
that's my universe two paintings were
stolen from a gallery in Norway today
the paintings were stolen in broad
daylight I don't know what to think
we had his name from the court papers
you might know who I am I just curious
person what made you do it it was your
masterpiece
I'll ask you regularly to sit here I can
tell you some more about how I got to be
a criminal disguise often quite
self-destructive it feels like that is
his way to be steamed you can open your
eyes now there was no way how I could
see the thief in this guy you shall
marry Agra go man her remote a lot Excel
had a mean streak he goes
I might never find out where the
paintings are do you know anything about
black markets with art I have told you
everything I remember and that's the
truth
[Music]
all free all Spinelli you're the
craziest person I've ever met
I see what you're doing for me here
inspire me this is insane
this is a very very sneaky guy or a
really bad boy
I started to search for their paintings
you must know where did you understand
the risk
don't even try as tell me don't even try
I'm serious
this is destructive
[Music]
you